Scene (FBX) Settings documentation. (#1193)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/assets/scene-settings/physx-tab.md

| Property | Description |
| - | - |
| **Merge Meshes** | When active, all selected mesh nodes are merged into a single collider mesh. Otherwise, the selected mesh nodes are exported as separate shapes. It's usually more efficient to have a single collider mesh. |
| **Weld Vertices** | When active, mesh vertex welding is performed. **Disable clean mesh** must be off when **Weld Vertices** is on or vertex welding is not performed. |
| **Disable Clean Mesh** | When active, mesh cleaning is not performed. This makes cooking faster. **Disable clean mesh** must be off when **Weld Vertices** is on or vertex welding is not performed. |
| **Force 32-bit Indices** | When enabled, 32-bit indices are created for the collider asset regardless of triangle count. |
| **Suppress Triangle Mesh Remap Table** | When active, the face remap table is not created. This saves a significant amount of memory, but without remap information, internal mesh triangles from collisions, sweeps, or raycast hits can't be returned. |

> | **Build Triangle Adjacencies** | When active, triangle adjacency information is created. You can get the adjacency triangles for a given triangle from `getTriangle`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Build Triangle Adjacencies** | When active, triangle adjacency information is created. You can get the adjacency triangles for a given triangle using the `getTriangle` method. |
```
